added short intros to section landing pages (#313)
elixir-europe/infectious-diseases-toolkit: showcase/index.md

title: Showcase
---

> Showcasing involves presenting applied examples of handling infectious disease data to demonstrate successful strategies and methodologies across different countries and domains. Showcases highlight best practices and foster learning and adoption of proven techniques across the public health and scientific communities. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Showcasing involves presenting applied examples of handling infectious disease data to demonstrate successful strategies and methodologies that have been developed and used across different countries and domains. Showcases highlight best practices, encourage learning, and facilitate the adoption of proven techniques across both the public health and scientific communities.
```

> Showcasing involves presenting applied examples of handling infectious disease data to demonstrate successful strategies and methodologies. Showcasing these examples not only highlights best practices but also fosters learning and adoption of proven techniques across the public health and scientific communities. This is crucial for building a robust response to infectious diseases globally, as it encourages the sharing of knowledge and experiences that can lead to improved health outcomes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Showcasing involves presenting applied examples of handling infectious disease data to demonstrate successful strategies and methodologies across different countries and domains. Showcases highlight best practices and foster learning and adoption of proven techniques across the public health and scientific communities. 
```
